Fix regression in the routing priority of index routes (#9726)
withastro/astro: .changeset/smart-rules-train.md

---
"astro": patch
---

> Fix regression in routing priority between `index.astro` routes and dynamic routes with rest parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes a regression in routing priority between `index.astro` and dynamic routes with rest parameters
```
